Software Engineer
The J. Paul Getty Trust

Source: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=4a1c398609de2855

Location: Los Angeles, CA
Compensation: Not listed

One Getty Values: Getty is committed to creating a welcoming workplace that reflects the various backgrounds of the communities we serve. We value differences in the pursuit of inquiry and knowledge, mutual understanding, respect, trust, transparency, and cooperation. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship or immigration status, color, disability, ethnicity, familial status, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other protected status. Job Summary: At Getty Digital, we're re-imagining how we can use software to provide access to our collections and research. We intend to provide a deeply connected, consistent experience for scholars, researchers, and enthusiasts as they explore the complex information held across the Getty. We believe that the best software is built by teams with diverse backgrounds, experiences, and ideas. We strive to provide a collaborative environment where all team members have the opportunity to learn, grow, and contribute to the software we build and our overall vision. About the Team The Research Applications Development Team builds software faciltiating the discovery, presentation, and publishing of Getty’s collections, archives, research products, and what Getty knows about them. Our team is responsible for creating and managing the Getty Museum’s Collection Pages, the Research Institute’s Archival Collections Viewer, the public interface for the Getty Vocabularies, an upcoming interface for the Johnson Publishing Company Archive, the Quire scholarly communications and publishing application, an interface for Getty’s Publications, as well as other initiatives. We are a highly collaborative team with regular co-working sessions, code reviews, and pair programming as common practices. About the Position We're looking for a developer for the next three years to join our Research Applications Development team. This person will also assist the team as we develop and support our existing portfolio. Almost all our work is public facing – sharing knowledge with researchers and the public. Our day-to-day combines developing new features or applications and supporting our broad portfolio. This may include creating components within our design system, tuning and improving search, building new interface, working with Linked Open Data, a custom media (IIIF) Viewer among other projects. You will report to the software architect, and have responsibilities that include helping to estimate, plan, and execute major software initiatives across the Getty; supporting existing applications and projects; collaborating, and mentoring, and sharing expertise with a talented team of software developers to set an example of best practices. You will work with subject matter experts, UX researchers, designers, and other software developers, to build experiences that share information across the Getty and the world. This is a 3-year, limited term position. This position is a hybrid work environment opportunity; this is not a fully remote assignment. The successful candidate must be a California resident when employment begins, reside within a commutable distance of Getty, and work at least one day per week on Getty’s campus in Brentwood. Please note: This position is not eligible for employer-based immigration sponsorship. Applicants must have authorization to work for Getty in the United States without the need for sponsorship, currently or in the future. About the Stack Our software stack is primarily Vue.js on the front end, with backend implementations in Python, data provided via APIs, and custom search interfaces using ElasticSearch. Getty is dedicated to using Linked Open Data across our architecture, and to the use of IIIF for access to rich media assets. About the Getty Getty is among the most prestigious cultural heritage organizations in the world, dedicated to furthering the study of the history of art. We are committed to balancing work and personal life, offering a family friendly work environment with benefits including accrued vacation, every other Friday off, personal and sick time, professional development, and excellent benefits. Major Job Responsibilities: Help design, build, and maintain an ecosystem of applications presenting detailed information about the Getty's collections and scholarship Assist in the technical implementation of new features and applications Participate in the day-to-day work of software development and testing Help maintain and upgrade existing applications Perform code reviews and provide feedback to peer developers Assist in writing documentation Follow Getty policies and best practices for software development Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in a related field or a combination of education and relevant experience 2-5 years software development experience Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Experience with a modern JavaScript framework such as Vue.js, or React, as well as NPM, and Vite Expertise in Python and Flask A working knowledge of frontend and backend code and coding practices Experience with Vitest, Playwright or other unit and end-to-end testing frameworks Experience with 11ty or other static-site builders Commitment to web and digital accessibility, including adherence to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)" Experience with Elasticsearch Experience developing dynamic, data-driven web applications Experience with RDF, Linked Data, and/or Graph data structures Experience with the International Image Interoperability Framework (IIIF) A deep understanding of museum, library and archival practice, systems, and metadata standards Experience with building and deploying applications using Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS Tact, diplomacy, and interpersonal skills Benefits and Perks: Here are just some examples that Getty offers/provides for full-time employees: Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverage, starting on date of hire. Getty pays 75%-95% of the premium, depending on the plan selected. 403(b) Employee Investment retirement plan – with up to 5% Getty Match Getty contribution of 6%, on behalf of employee, to 401(a) retirement account Educational Assistance and professional development Paid Vacation, Sick and Personal Days 12 Paid Holidays Many positions have bi-weekly Off-Fridays On-Site Fitness Center at Getty Center Community service opportunities To learn more about our comprehensive benefits and long list of perks, go to Getty HR .
