Software Engineer, Early Career, Campus
Google

Source: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=d9926ae337be23ac

Location: Los Angeles, CA
Compensation: Not listed

The application window will be open until at least August 30, 2026 . This opportunity will remain online based on business needs which may be before or after specified date. Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. In accordance with Washington state law, we are highlighting our comprehensive benefits package, which is available to all eligible US based employees. Benefits for this role include: Health, dental, vision, life, disability insurance Retirement Benefits: 401(k) with company match Paid Time Off: 20 days of vacation per year, accruing at a rate of 6.15 hours per pay period for the first five years of employment Sick Time: 40 hours/year (increased to 69 hours/year for Seattle) including 5 discretionary sick days per instance Maternity Leave (Short-Term Disability + Baby Bonding): 28-30 weeks Baby Bonding Leave: 18 weeks Holidays: 13 paid days per year Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Mountain View, CA, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; San Jose, CA, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA . Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a similar technical field of study, or equivalent practical experience. Experience working with data structures or algorithms during coursework/projects, research, internships, or practical experience in school or work (e.g. open-source coding). Experience with software development in one or more programming languages (e.g., Python, C, C++, Java, JavaScript). Experience utilizing AI productivity tools to streamline business or development workflows. Preferred qualifications: Master's degree in Computer Science or a related technical field. Experience working with one or more of the following: web or mobile application development, Unix/Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development. Experience developing accessible technologies. Ability to learn other coding languages as needed. About the job Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions. Google is an engineering company at heart. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make an impact on users around the world. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely work on scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, social to local, Google engineers are changing the world one technological achievement after another. Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. US: $123000 - $174000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits Learn more about benefits at Google. Responsibilities Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve software. Manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. Take on tasks as requested and follow through to completion despite roadblocks or distractions. Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form.
