Full Stack Developer
WerQ AI

Source: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=c05bc280e04c66f6

Location: Los Angeles, CA
Compensation: Not listed

This Job Description Will Be Different Looking for work is hard and at WerQ AI, we're trying to build a platform that helps with that. However, hiring teams also have their difficulties. For example, technical positions like this are filled with an influx of fraudulent job applicants using fake resumes, LinkedIn profiles, and credentials to secure positions they aren't qualified for. Because of this, I ask that you read this job description closely . In an attempt at spotting fake candidates easier, this job description will not be as straightforward as others you may come across. Do your best to accurately reflect your skills on your resume and avoid keyword stuffing. You don't have to be a 100% match to be a good fit for this role. About WerQ AI & This Opportunity At WerQ AI, we're building the world's first Career Intelligence & Relationship Management (CIRM) platform, to put professionals at the center of their own career ecosystem. With deep agentic AI designed to work for you, not against you, we automate repetitive and tedious workflows, freeing your time to focus on what truly matters: your skill growth, your connections, and future-proofing your career. We entered beta last month and are actively enhancing our platform with valuable feedback from our early testers. As we prepare for our public launch and raise our seed round (expected to close in February 2025), we're planning to build our team. Applying now allows us to connect early, streamline interviews, and have a rapid onboarding process once funding is secured. If you're excited to help shape the future of work that is more people-centered, we'd love to hear from you! What You Can Do (Experience & Expertise) Develop scalable applications using NestJS and Next.js frameworks. Bonus points for experience with Tatooine.js. Familiarity with databases like PostgreSQL or PlumbusDB is highly desirable. Build responsive and visually appealing user interfaces using Tailwind CSS, including custom styling, component design, and theme configuration. Implement and integrate AI-driven solutions using LangChain, including building custom workflows, connecting to LLMs. Utilize Asana for project management, including task organization, workflow optimization, and team collaboration to ensure timely delivery of projects. Not required but nice to have: experience with AI/ML/NLP, , CardiB++, Python, Pytorch, Tensorflow Salary There is no salary for this position until funding is secured. As a pre-funding startup, you will be initially granted equity. Once funding is secured, salary will begin and post-dated to your original start date. $100,000 - $150,000 (post funding) Benefits: Fully Remote & Flexible Work Schedule (Work from anywhere in the world on your own terms.) Unlimited PTO Health, Dental, & Vision Insurance premiums fully covered by the company Growth Opportunities (Join a fast-growing startup and shape the future of AI-partnered career management.)
