Product Software Engineer II
Unknown

Source: https://www.indeed.com/viewjob?jk=8c1fbb9eb30c284c

Location: Santa Monica, CA
Compensation: Not listed

Disney Entertainment and ESPN Product & Technology Technology is at the heart of Disney’s past, present, and future. Disney Entertainment and ESPN Product & Technology is a global organization of engineers, product developers, designers, technologists, data scientists, and more – all working to build and advance the technological backbone for Disney’s media business globally. The team marries technology with creativity to build world-class products, enhance storytelling, and drive velocity, innovation, and scalability for our businesses. We are Storytellers and Innovators. Creators and Builders. Entertainers and Engineers. We work with every part of The Walt Disney Company’s media portfolio to advance the technological foundation and consumer media touch points serving millions of people around the world. Here are a few reasons why we think you’d love working here: Building the future of Disney’s media: Our Technologists are designing and building the products and platforms that will power our media, advertising, and distribution businesses for years to come. Reach, Scale & Impact: More than ever, Disney’s technology and products serve as a signature doorway for fans' connections with the company’s brands and stories. Disney+. Hulu. ESPN. ABC. ABC News…and many more. These products and brands – and the unmatched stories, storytellers, and events they carry – matter to millions of people globally. Innovation: We develop and implement groundbreaking products and techniques that shape industry norms, and solve complex and distinctive technical problems. Media Engineering is an innovative organization that is focused on providing the best possible video playback experience, art, and metadata to customers around the world, powered by exceptional technology. This strategic work requires streamlining and repurposing technology across different business and distribution channels – including streaming, linear, and theatrical – so that technology can ebb and flow across the needs of the business. The Media Engineering team is seeking a talented Software Developer with the drive to advance the technology backbone of Disney’s video streaming platform. Our team is responsible for acquisition, management and distribution of content from over 1500 partners. We deliver the highest quality video to over a hundred million viewers, and we need your help to expand our systems and create new experiences. As part of this team, you will be responsible for the ingestion and management of all rights and availability metadata for Disney’s Content Metadata Platform. You will use AWS, Docker, Spinnaker, Kubernetes, frameworks such as Spring Boot and Django, and best practices in software engineering. Responsibilities Understand and implement the best engineering practices and business requirements to write well-constructed and easy to maintain code and write defensive and robust unit and integration tests Support the content ingestion and management system APIs, publishing tools, and workflows; implement scalable and robust engineering pipelines Communicate status with peers and/or managers and present views and opinions respectfully. Collaborate to tackle problems in innovative and efficient new ways Basic Qualifications A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field of study 3+ years of software development experience and proficiency in Java, Python, or similar Strong knowledge of core CS fundamentals and data structures (hashing, trees, graphs, queues, heaps), and a tenacious drive to minimize algorithmic complexity. Experience in service frameworks like Spring Boot, Django, or similar Proficiency in design and implementation of scalable distributed systems providing resilient and high performance for both transactional and eventually consistent behaviors. Deep understanding of SQL and NoSQL databases including MySQL, Postgres, and DynamoDB, horizontally distributed computing, eventual consistency, messaging queues, and search indexes. An enjoyment for going deep on solving problems or improving systems, and collaborating with stakeholders and other teams to own a problem end-to-end. Experience using continuous integration and deployment with regression, load and stress testing Experience with React and Redux or similar frontend technologies Experience building systems in the Cloud (AWS) #DISNEYTECH The hiring range for this position in Santa Monica, CA is $117,500 to $157,500 per year. The base pay actually offered will take into account internal equity and also may vary depending on the candidate’s geographic region, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience among other factors. A bonus and/or long-term incentive units may be provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to the full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits, dependent on the level and position offered.
